What?
Mrs. Howard is where you'll knock off?
I can't believe it.
That's a world renowned designer.
He wouldn't know.
That's impossible.
There's no way my dress is the fate.
To think a Howard would buy a counterfeit.
I will never send you one of my designs ever again.
But the disgrace.
Dan?
Explain yourself.
I'm sorry.
I gave you the money for this dress.
I wasn't thinking straight.
It's just a dress you're just going to wear once.
Why you spent thousands of dollars on that?
I mean, it's not worth it.
You bastard!
You pocketed my money?
You said I should take off the dress if it was fake.
But now that it's clear you're dressed as fake, you should take it off, right?
Don't think that by wearing a designer gown, you're suddenly high class.
I am Eris, who declined the Wesley family's marriage proposal.
Who do you think you are?
Wait, isn't that Mr. Wesley?
Mr. Wesley's here?
His fiance, his Howard, is being humiliated.
Why isn't he helping?
Mr. Wesley?